README.md, before:

# Galaxy Community Writers

> **Get paid $60 for writing quality articles about [Galaxy]([url](https://galaxycloud.app/)) technologies!**

Galaxy Community Writers is a community-driven initiative to create high-quality technical content for Galaxy and its supported technologies.

## 📝 How It Works

1. **Browse available themes** in our [themes directory](./themes/)
2. **Propose an article** by opening an [issue with our template](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/article-proposal.md)
3. **Get approved** by our technical reviewers
4. **Write your article** (1500 words minimum)
5. **Get reviewed** by our editorial team
6. **Get published** on the official Galaxy blog
7. **Get paid** $60 USD via Github Sponsors! 💰

## 🎯 Program Details

- **Payment**: $60 USD per approved and published article
- **Eligibility**: Open to everyone - Galaxy team members and community developers
- **Requirements**: Original, unpublished content with functional code examples

## 📚 Supported Technologies

We're looking for articles about technologies supported by Galaxy:

- 🚀 **Meteor.js** - Full-stack JavaScript platform
- 🟢 **Node.js** - JavaScript runtime and frameworks
- 🐍 **Django** - Python web framework
- ⚡ **AdonisJS** - Node.js web framework
- 🍃 **MongoDB** - NoSQL database

## 🎨 Available Themes

- 🏗️ **Galaxy Platform & Deployment**
- 🚀 **Meteor.js Development**
- 🟢 **Node.js Applications**
- 🐍 **Django Development**
- ⚡ **AdonisJS Framework**
- 🍃 **MongoDB & Data Management**
- ⚡ **Performance & Optimization**
- 🔒 **Security & Authentication**
- 📁 **File Management & Storage**
- 🔄 **Real-time Features**
- 🧪 **Testing & Development Workflow**
- 🔌 **Integration & APIs**
- 🎨 **Advanced Patterns**

Check the [available article topics]([url](https://github.com/CloudByGalaxy/galaxy-community-writers/issues/1)) and [propose yours!](../../issues/new?assignees=&labels=proposal%2Ccommunity&template=article-proposal.md&title=%5BPROPOSAL%5D+)

## 📊 Program Stats

- **Articles Published**: 0
- **Authors**: 0
- **Total Paid**: $0

## 🏆 Hall of Fame

_Our published authors will be featured here!_

## 📄 License

This repository and its guidelines are available under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

---

**Ready to become a Galaxy Community Writer?** [Propose your first article!](../../issues/new?assignees=&labels=proposal%2Ccommunity&template=article-proposal.md&title=%5BPROPOSAL%5D+)

Commit message:

adding discord link to README.md

README.md, after:

# Galaxy Community Writers

> **Get paid $60 for writing quality articles about [Galaxy]([url](https://galaxycloud.app/)) technologies!**

Galaxy Community Writers is a community-driven initiative to create high-quality technical content for Galaxy and its supported technologies.

## 📝 How It Works

1. **Browse available themes** in our [themes directory](./themes/)
2. **Propose an article** by opening an [issue with our template](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/article-proposal.md)
3. **Get approved** by our technical reviewers
4. **Write your article** (1500 words minimum)
5. **Get reviewed** by our editorial team
6. **Get published** on the official Galaxy blog
7. **Get paid** $60 USD via Github Sponsors! 💰

## 🎯 Program Details

- **Payment**: $60 USD per approved and published article
- **Eligibility**: Open to everyone - Galaxy team members and community developers
- **Requirements**: Original, unpublished content with functional code examples

## 📚 Supported Technologies

We're looking for articles about technologies supported by Galaxy:

- 🚀 **Meteor.js** - Full-stack JavaScript platform
- 🟢 **Node.js** - JavaScript runtime and frameworks
- 🐍 **Django** - Python web framework
- ⚡ **AdonisJS** - Node.js web framework
- 🍃 **MongoDB** - NoSQL database

## 🎨 Available Themes

- 🏗️ **Galaxy Platform & Deployment**
- 🚀 **Meteor.js Development**
- 🟢 **Node.js Applications**
- 🐍 **Django Development**
- ⚡ **AdonisJS Framework**
- 🍃 **MongoDB & Data Management**
- ⚡ **Performance & Optimization**
- 🔒 **Security & Authentication**
- 📁 **File Management & Storage**
- 🔄 **Real-time Features**
- 🧪 **Testing & Development Workflow**
- 🔌 **Integration & APIs**
- 🎨 **Advanced Patterns**

Check the [available article topics]([url](https://github.com/CloudByGalaxy/galaxy-community-writers/issues/1)) and [propose yours!](../../issues/new?assignees=&labels=proposal%2Ccommunity&template=article-proposal.md&title=%5BPROPOSAL%5D+)

## Got questions?

[Ask them on the program's channel on Discord.]([url](https://github.com/CloudByGalaxy/galaxy-community-writers))

## 📊 Program Stats

- **Articles Published**: 0
- **Authors**: 0
- **Total Paid**: $0

## 🏆 Hall of Fame

_Our published authors will be featured here!_

## 📄 License

This repository and its guidelines are available under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

---

**Ready to become a Galaxy Community Writer?** [Propose your first article!](../../issues/new?assignees=&labels=proposal%2Ccommunity&template=article-proposal.md&title=%5BPROPOSAL%5D+)
